Disable `exposeDocumentNodeInFetchNode` by default (#2230)
apollographql/federation: query-planner-js/CHANGELOG.md

## vNext

> - __BREAKING__: Disable exposing full document to sub-query by default (introduce in in 2.1.0):
>   - This change decrease memory consumption in general (which is the reason for disabling this by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __BREAKING__: Disable exposing full document to sub-query by default (introduced in 2.1.0):
  - This change decreases memory consumption in general (which is the reason for disabling this by
```
